and so AB is the can throw a first
attack is going to be again tonight and
second tag is going to be got the gun
first we're going to break down the
movements here on how to grab it and
move out of the way times so a guy here
alright sometimes coming to stab me I
moved my body I'm just grabbing here at
the fingers and it's all on the back of
the hand your pull them off balance lift
it off betting the rest here and getting
that elbow to bed now from here we take
the hand here and push I my right foot
step next to his I step off I would do
it bro
but here's the important thing I want to
see at this angle it's grab right here
get there jump out of the way so the
knife clears your body grab the hand
lift it up twist it
grab in here so we're back up here so
you can see the full angle alright
slipper here from here a pull lift
bending scratch step mix this foot step
off the side turn no I kneel on him I
take the knife and pull it out so Tommy
they've grabbed my back and start
pulling me down all you do is make me go
down quicker right animal the assistant
me actually reflex
it's we're going to do it a little bit
quicker how many here to lift step and
take them out what was it that was
quicker take it from another angle from
over here the knife comes lift here step
step oh and you get the nice of rope
ladder and
okay we're going to do the gun so it got
me goddammit range from here it's not
too close in if it's here you're not
going to do this move if it's way up
here or even gangsta style you're not
going to do this move it's mid range
idea we're going to knock this away as
we step our body out of the way grab
over top and come in elbow from here
take the wrist bend the hand like this
so roll up on the knuckles and then you
would do the same throw we did with the
knife I'm going to take it from this
angle here over here time to gun is here
step the body out of the way so as you
left it shift the shoulders and stuff so
let's shift the hand here comes already
even throw a strike as you're going up
here grab it step in elbow and twist and
it broke so we're going to do it over
here now it's a tear
step graft elbow twist no it's right now
I don't really want to kneel down and
chin to go up here what I'm going to do
in here is push on that finger hit the
trigger finger I'm going to pull it away
push it against a gun lift up I can bend
this finger and they come out bang bang
okay when do a little bit faster here
step in here and elbow roll them down
take this out I'm going in here what it
takes in this angle here okay this more
sideways is the more I really have to
take this throw this is not though if
he's more screwed up like this just kind
of stupid wave and have it putting that
foot back a little bit is like this
this work you really did it wrong and uh
non-dairy easier type it in here take
this going out and get the gun
so there's the best that can throw